This directory contains scripts to perform 2 groups of tasks:

1) for creating test instances and running the programs
2) for producing tables and plots from raw experimental data

Each is group is described below. 
---

1) Scripts to create test instances from various problem classes and
then run several implementations on those instances.

All scripts work by writing an instance to a temporary file and then
running each specified implementation on that instance.  Output is
placed in appropiately named files in the results directory.

There are several parameter values affecting behaviour which can
either be set as environment variables or in the scripts. These
include:

bindir		binary location
resultsdir	results directory
prognames	list of implementations to execute
numvertices	list of graph sizes (not used by Karz)
typelist	list of graph types for unibm or unimf 
cutnumseeds	number of seeds used for each graph size
seedlist	list of seeds to use

The files in this directory include:

 Blow 		script used to create family of unimf
 Dobl		"
 Puff		"
 Saus		"
 Squa		"
 Wave		"
 Makefile	

(Also included are scripts for families Qasq and Desq, which are variants of
Squa. We do not report results for these families because they are similar
to the results of Squa).

 ex-prog	set arguments required for specific implementatiosn
 run-HiLo	runs HiLo generator
 run-Karz	runs Karz generator
 run-all	run all problem generators
 run-bim	run all bipartite matching generators
 run-rbg2	run rgb2 generator (takes fewg or manyg as parameter)
 run-rmfu	run rmfu generator (takes wide, cube or long ar parameter)
 run-uf		run all unit-flow generators
 run-unibm	run unibm generator (takes list of classes as parameter)
 run-unimf	run unibm generator (takes list of classes as parameter)

Some of these scripts assume a command "${bindir}pow X Y" that prints 
the exponential "X**Y", rounded down to the nearest integer.

---
2) Scripts for producing tables and plots from raw experimental data

The main script is "table.csh", which should be invoked thus:

   $ table.csh <problem> <resultsdir>

where <problem> is "uf" or "bim" and <resultsdir> is the subdirectory
from BASE (the main directory) where raw results are. This script runs
scripts "crunch.awk" and "pp.awk" (using `gawk' for both).

The output is an ASCII file (<family>.data) and a LaTeX 2.09 file
(<family>.tex) for each family of instances, containing a table with
results. The .data file is used for plot generation by gnuplot. All
the files thus generated will be in directory <resultsdir>.

To generate plots, you should run gnuplot in directory <resultsdir>
giving as a command-line parameter the file bim_plot or uf_plot (which
are in this directory!). They will generate encapsulated .ps files,
one for each family.
